chore: update configuration.md (#84)
TypeStrong/typedoc-site: options/comments.md

}
```

> This specifics all of the [JSDoc block tags](../guides/tags.md#block-tags) that TypeDoc considers to be valid.

Reviewer: I have been intentionally avoiding using "JSDoc" in any of the documentation. JSDoc is dead. Anyone who tries to use the JSDoc documentation to determine how TypeDoc works is in a world of hurt.

> This specifics all of the [JSDoc block tags](../guides/tags.md#block-tags) that TypeDoc considers to be valid.

Reviewer: This link is broken. Eleventy doesn't rewrite links to markdown files to be the actual output file

Author: can you clarify, should I just remove the .md? or use a non relative url?

Reviewer: An absolute URL is the way I'd recommend, similar to https://github.com/TypeStrong/typedoc-site/blob/master/tags/eventProperty.md?plain=1#L30

> By default, TypeDoc will warn when it finds a non-valid JSDoc tag. If you need to add a custom one, you can extend the defaults by using a JavaScript configuration file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, TypeDoc will warn when it finds an unknown tag. If you need to add a custom one, you can extend the defaults by using a JavaScript configuration file:
```

Saying non-valid or invalid implies the user is doing something wrong, which isn't necessarily the case, TypeDoc isn't necessarily the only tool parsing these comments
